.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

Thank you for sending the PR! We appreciate you spending the time to work on these changes.
Help us understand your motivation by explaining why you decided to make this change.

If this PR fixes an issue, type "Fixes #issueNumber" to automatically close the issue when the PR is merged.

_Pull requests that expand test coverage are more likely to get reviewed. Add a test case whenever possible!_

Test Plan:
----------
Write your test plan here. If you changed any code, please provide us with clear instructions on how you verified your changes work. Bonus points for screenshots and videos!

Release Notes:
--------------
Help reviewers and the release process by writing your own release notes. See below for an example.

[CATEGORY] [TYPE] [LOCATION] - Message

<!--
  **INTERNAL and MINOR tagged notes will not be included in the next version's final release notes.**

    CATEGORY
  [----------]      TYPE
  [ CLI      ] [-------------]    LOCATION
  [ DOCS     ] [ BREAKING    ] [-------------]
  [ GENERAL  ] [ BUGFIX      ] [ {Component} ]
  [ INTERNAL ] [ ENHANCEMENT ] [ {Filename}  ]
  [ IOS      ] [ FEATURE     ] [ {Directory} ]   |-----------|
  [ ANDROID  ] [ MINOR       ] [ {Framework} ] - | {Message} |
  [----------] [-------------] [-------------]   |-----------|

 EXAMPLES:

 [IOS] [BREAKING] [FlatList] - Change a thing that breaks other things
 [ANDROID] [BUGFIX] [TextInput] - Did a thing to TextInput
 [CLI] [FEATURE] [local-cli/info/info.js] - CLI easier to do things with
 [DOCS] [BUGFIX] [GettingStarted.md] - Accidentally a thing/word
 [GENERAL] [ENHANCEMENT] [Yoga] - Added new yoga thing/position
 [INTERNAL] [FEATURE] [./scripts] - Added thing to script that nobody will see
-->

Commit message:

Make PR template consistent with Changelog (#22117)
Summary:
In the new changelog format, we're following [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0). This change updates the PR template to follow their change types, plus it simplifies the *CATEGORY* field to follow the changelog's groupings. Some simplified examples have been provided, though I plan to revisit this after 0.58 to add real-world examples. This change is motivated by react-native-community/react-native-releases#47.
Pull Request resolved: https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/22117

Differential Revision: D12919271

Pulled By: TheSavior

fbshipit-source-id: 91f063f769357b24383db281545678b924ad3efb

.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

Thank you for sending the PR! We appreciate you spending the time to work on these changes.
Help us understand your motivation by explaining why you decided to make this change.

If this PR fixes an issue, type "Fixes #issueNumber" to automatically close the issue when the PR is merged.

_Pull requests that expand test coverage are more likely to get reviewed. Add a test case whenever possible!_

Test Plan:
----------
Write your test plan here. If you changed any code, please provide us with clear instructions on how you verified your changes work. Bonus points for screenshots and videos!

Changelog:
----------
Help reviewers and the release process by writing your own changelog entry. When the change doesn't impact React Native developers, it may be ommitted from the changelog for brevity. See below for an example.

[CATEGORY] [TYPE] - Message

<!--

  CATEGORY may be:

  - [General]
  - [iOS]
  - [Android]

  TYPE may be:

  - [Added] for new features.
  - [Changed] for changes in existing functionality.
  - [Deprecated] for soon-to-be removed features.
  - [Removed] for now removed features.
  - [Fixed] for any bug fixes.
  - [Security] in case of vulnerabilities.

  For more detail, see https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/#how

  MESSAGE may answer "what and why" on a feature level. Use this to briefly tell React Native users about notable changes.

  EXAMPLES:

  [General] [Added] - Add snapToOffsets prop to ScrollView component
  [General] [Fixed] - Fix various issues in snapToInterval on ScrollView component
  [iOS] [Fixed] - Fix crash in RCTImagePicker

-->
