docs/LinkingLibraries.md, before:

---
id: linking-libraries-ios
title: Linking Libraries
layout: docs
category: Guides (iOS)
permalink: docs/linking-libraries-ios.html
banner: ejected
next: running-on-simulator-ios
previous: custom-webview-ios
---

Not every app uses all the native capabilities, and including the code to support
all those features would impact the binary size... But we still want to make it
easy to add these features whenever you need them.

With that in mind we exposed many of these features as independent static libraries.

For most of the libs it will be as simple as dragging two files, sometimes a third
step will be necessary, but no more than that.

_All the libraries we ship with React Native live on the `Libraries` folder in
the root of the repository. Some of them are pure JavaScript, and you only need
to `require` it. Other libraries also rely on some native code, in that case
you'll have to add these files to your app, otherwise the app will throw an
error as soon as you try to use the library._

## Here are the few steps to link your libraries that contain native code

### Automatic linking

#### Step 1

Install a library with native dependencies:
```bash
$ npm install <library-with-native-dependencies> --save
```

**Note:** _`--save` or `--save-dev` flag is very important for this step. React Native will link
your libs based on `dependencies` and `devDependencies` in your `package.json` file._

#### Step 2

Link your native dependencies:
```bash
$ react-native link
```

Done! All libraries with native dependencies should be successfully linked to your iOS/Android project.

### Manual linking

#### Step 1

If the library has native code, there must be a `.xcodeproj` file inside it's
folder.
Drag this file to your project on Xcode (usually under the `Libraries` group
on Xcode);

![](img/AddToLibraries.png)

#### Step 2

Click on your main project file (the one that represents the `.xcodeproj`)
select `Build Phases` and drag the static library from the `Products` folder
inside the Library you are importing to `Link Binary With Libraries`

![](img/AddToBuildPhases.png)

#### Step 3

Not every library will need this step, what you need to consider is:

_Do I need to know the contents of the library at compile time?_

What that means is, are you using this library on the native side or only in
JavaScript? If you are only using it in JavaScript, you are good to go!

This step is not necessary for libraries that we ship with React Native with the
exception of `PushNotificationIOS` and `Linking`.

In the case of the `PushNotificationIOS` for example, you have to call a method
on the library from your `AppDelegate` every time a new push notification is
received.

For that we need to know the library's headers. To achieve that you have to go
to your project's file, select `Build Settings` and search for `Header Search
Paths`. There you should include the path to your library (if it has relevant
files on subdirectories remember to make it `recursive`, like `React` on the
example).

![](img/AddToSearchPaths.png)

Commit message:

Make `react-native link` play nicely with CocoaPods-based iOS projects.
Summary:
The core React Native codebase already has full support for CocoaPods. However, `react-native link` doesn’t play nicely with CocoaPods, so installing third-party libs from the RN ecosystem is really hard.

This change will allow to link projects that contains its own `.podspec` file to CocoaPods-based projects. In case `link` detect `Podfile` in `iOS` directory, it will look for related `.podspec` file in linked project directory, and add it to `Podfile`. If `Podfile` and `.podspec` files are not present, it will fall back to previous implementation.

**Test Plan**
1. Build a React Native project where the iOS part uses CocoaPods to manage its dependencies. The most common scenario here is to have React Native be a Pod dependency, among others.
2. Install a RN-related library, that contains `.podspec` file, with `react-native link` (as an example it could be: [react-native-maps](https://github.com/airbnb/react-native-maps)
3. Building the resulting iOS workspace should succeed (and there should be new entry in `Podfile`)
Closes https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/15460

Differential Revision: D6078649

Pulled By: hramos

fbshipit-source-id: 9651085875892fd66299563ca0e42fb2bcc00825

docs/LinkingLibraries.md, after:

---
id: linking-libraries-ios
title: Linking Libraries
layout: docs
category: Guides (iOS)
permalink: docs/linking-libraries-ios.html
banner: ejected
next: running-on-simulator-ios
previous: custom-webview-ios
---

Not every app uses all the native capabilities, and including the code to support
all those features would impact the binary size... But we still want to make it
easy to add these features whenever you need them.

With that in mind we exposed many of these features as independent static libraries.

For most of the libs it will be as simple as dragging two files, sometimes a third
step will be necessary, but no more than that.

_All the libraries we ship with React Native live on the `Libraries` folder in
the root of the repository. Some of them are pure JavaScript, and you only need
to `require` it. Other libraries also rely on some native code, in that case
you'll have to add these files to your app, otherwise the app will throw an
error as soon as you try to use the library._

## Here are the few steps to link your libraries that contain native code

### Automatic linking

#### Step 1

Install a library with native dependencies:
```bash
$ npm install <library-with-native-dependencies> --save
```

> ***Note:*** `--save` or `--save-dev` flag is very important for this step. React Native will link
your libs based on `dependencies` and `devDependencies` in your `package.json` file.

#### Step 2

Link your native dependencies:
```bash
$ react-native link
```

Done! All libraries with native dependencies should be successfully linked to your iOS/Android project.

> ***Note:*** If your iOS project is using CocoaPods (contains `Podfile`) and linked library has `podspec` file,
then `react-native link` will link library using Podfile. To support non-trivial Podfiles 
add `# Add new pods below this line` comment to places where you expect pods to be added.

### Manual linking

#### Step 1

If the library has native code, there must be a `.xcodeproj` file inside it's
folder.
Drag this file to your project on Xcode (usually under the `Libraries` group
on Xcode);

![](img/AddToLibraries.png)

#### Step 2

Click on your main project file (the one that represents the `.xcodeproj`)
select `Build Phases` and drag the static library from the `Products` folder
inside the Library you are importing to `Link Binary With Libraries`

![](img/AddToBuildPhases.png)

#### Step 3

Not every library will need this step, what you need to consider is:

_Do I need to know the contents of the library at compile time?_

What that means is, are you using this library on the native side or only in
JavaScript? If you are only using it in JavaScript, you are good to go!

This step is not necessary for libraries that we ship with React Native with the
exception of `PushNotificationIOS` and `Linking`.

In the case of the `PushNotificationIOS` for example, you have to call a method
on the library from your `AppDelegate` every time a new push notification is
received.

For that we need to know the library's headers. To achieve that you have to go
to your project's file, select `Build Settings` and search for `Header Search
Paths`. There you should include the path to your library (if it has relevant
files on subdirectories remember to make it `recursive`, like `React` on the
example).

![](img/AddToSearchPaths.png)
