docs/maskedviewios.md, before:

---
id: maskedviewios
title: MaskedViewIOS
layout: docs
category: components
permalink: docs/maskedviewios.html
next: modal
previous: listview
---
Renders the child view with a mask specified in the `maskElement` prop.

```
import React from 'react';
import { MaskedViewIOS, Text, View } from 'react-native';

class MyMaskedView extends React.Component {
  render() {
    return (
      <MaskedViewIOS
        style={{ flex: 1 }}
        maskElement={
          <View style={styles.maskContainerStyle}>
            <Text style={styles.maskTextStyle}>
              Basic Mask
            </Text>
          </View>
        }
      >
        <View style={{ flex: 1, backgroundColor: 'blue' }} />
      </MaskedViewIOS>
    );
  }
}
```

The above example will render a view with a blue background that fills its
parent, and then mask that view with text that says "Basic Mask".

The alpha channel of the view rendered by the `maskElement` prop determines how
much of the view's content and background shows through. Fully or partially
opaque pixels allow the underlying content to show through but fully
transparent pixels block that content.

### Props

* [ViewPropTypes props...](docs/viewproptypes.html#props)
- [`maskElement`](docs/maskedviewios.html#maskelement)






---

# Reference

## Props

### `maskElement`



| Type | Required |
| - | - |
| element | Yes |

Commit message:

Additional markdown adjustments
Summary:
Follow up to 9ec95673909beac7798f589e0e9821b4225f8fa9
Closes https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/16759

Differential Revision: D6285219

Pulled By: hramos

fbshipit-source-id: 7012d257a5a6cff06cb2d94203a9379e4b7e3c4e

docs/maskedviewios.md, after:

---
id: maskedviewios
title: MaskedViewIOS
layout: docs
category: components
permalink: docs/maskedviewios.html
next: modal
previous: listview
---
Renders the child view with a mask specified in the `maskElement` prop.

```
import React from 'react';
import { MaskedViewIOS, Text, View } from 'react-native';

class MyMaskedView extends React.Component {
  render() {
    return (
      <MaskedViewIOS
        style={{ flex: 1 }}
        maskElement={
          <View style={styles.maskContainerStyle}>
            <Text style={styles.maskTextStyle}>
              Basic Mask
            </Text>
          </View>
        }
      >
        <View style={{ flex: 1, backgroundColor: 'blue' }} />
      </MaskedViewIOS>
    );
  }
}
```

The above example will render a view with a blue background that fills its
parent, and then mask that view with text that says "Basic Mask".

The alpha channel of the view rendered by the `maskElement` prop determines how
much of the view's content and background shows through. Fully or partially
opaque pixels allow the underlying content to show through but fully
transparent pixels block that content.

### Props

- [View props...](docs/view-props.html)
- [`maskElement`](docs/maskedviewios.html#maskelement)






---

# Reference

## Props

### `maskElement`

Should be a React element to be rendered and applied as the mask for the child element.

| Type | Required |
| - | - |
| element | Yes |
