docs/MoreResources.md, before:

---
id: more-resources
title: More Resources
layout: docs
category: The Basics
permalink: docs/more-resources.html
next: components
previous: networking
---

If you just read through this website, you should be able to build a pretty cool React Native app. But React Native isn't just a product made by one company - it's a community of thousands of developers. So if you're interested in React Native, here's some related stuff you might want to check out.

## Popular Libraries

If you're using React Native, you probably already know about [React](https://facebook.github.io/react/). So I feel a bit silly mentioning this. But if you haven't, check out React - it's the best way to build a modern website.

One common question is how to handle the "state" of your React Native application. The most popular library for this is [Redux](http://redux.js.org/). Don't be afraid of how often Redux uses the word "reducer" - it's a pretty simple library, and there's also a nice [series of videos](https://egghead.io/courses/getting-started-with-redux) explaining it.

If you're looking for a library that does a specific thing, check out [Awesome React Native](http://www.awesome-react-native.com/), a curated list of components that also has demos, articles, and other stuff.

## Example Apps

There are some [example apps on GitHub](https://github.com/ReactNativeNews/React-Native-Apps). You can run the apps on a simulator or device, and you can see the source code for these apps, which is neat.

The folks who built the app for Facebook's F8 conference in 2016 also [open-sourced the code](https://github.com/fbsamples/f8app) and wrote up a [detailed series of tutorials](http://makeitopen.com/tutorials/building-the-f8-app/planning/). This is useful if you want a more in-depth example that's more realistic than most sample apps out there.

## Development Tools

[Nuclide](https://nuclide.io/) is the IDE that Facebook uses internally for React Native development. The killer feature of Nuclide is its debugging ability. It also has great inline Flow support.

[Ignite](https://github.com/infinitered/ignite) is a starter kit that uses Redux and a few different common UI libraries. It has a CLI to generate apps, components, and containers. If you like all of the individual tech choices, Ignite could be perfect for you.

[CodePush](https://microsoft.github.io/code-push/) is a service from Microsoft that makes it easy to deploy live updates to your React Native app. If you don't like going through the app store process to deploy little tweaks, and you also don't like setting up your own backend, give CodePush a try.

[Expo](https://docs.expo.io) is a development environment plus application that focuses on letting you build React Native apps in the Expo development environment, without ever touching Xcode or Android Studio. If you wish React Native was even more JavaScripty and webby, check out Expo.

[Deco](https://www.decoide.org) is an all-in-one development environment specifically designed for React Native. It can automatically set up a new project, search for open source components, and insert them. You can also tweak your app graphically in real time. Check it out if you use macOS.

## Where React Native People Hang Out

The [React Native Community](https://www.facebook.com/groups/react.native.community) Facebook group has thousands of developers, and it's pretty active. Come there to show off your project, or ask how other people solved similar problems.

[Reactiflux](https://discord.gg/0ZcbPKXt5bZjGY5n) is a Discord chat where a lot of React-related discussion happens, including React Native. Discord is just like Slack except it works better for open source projects with a zillion contributors. Check out the #react-native channel.

The [React Twitter account](https://twitter.com/reactjs) covers both React and React Native. Follow the React Native [Twitter account](https://twitter.com/reactnative) and [blog](/react-native/blog/) to find out what's happening in the world of React Native.

There are a lot of [React Native Meetups](http://www.meetup.com/topics/react-native/) that happen around the world. Often there is React Native content in React meetups as well.

Sometimes we have React conferences. We posted the [videos from React.js Conf 2016](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLb0IAmt7-GS0M8Q95RIc2lOM6nc77q1IY), and we'll probably have more conferences in the future, too. Stay tuned.

Commit message:

New Handling Touches Tutorial
Summary:
Finally, a place where `Button` is properly introduced. This is based on the old Handling Touches guide, which has been simplified (with some content moved over to the scroll views tutorial).

I've also updated the ordering of the guides into something that makes more sense to someone just getting started with React Native.
Closes https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/14371

Differential Revision: D5201127

Pulled By: hramos

fbshipit-source-id: 819192e2db9febb8a315f51693dae557752b6002

docs/MoreResources.md, after:

---
id: more-resources
title: More Resources
layout: docs
category: The Basics
permalink: docs/more-resources.html
next: platform-specific-code
previous: network
---

If you just read through this website, you should be able to build a pretty cool React Native app. But React Native isn't just a product made by one company - it's a community of thousands of developers. So if you're interested in React Native, here's some related stuff you might want to check out.

## Popular Libraries

If you're using React Native, you probably already know about [React](https://facebook.github.io/react/). So I feel a bit silly mentioning this. But if you haven't, check out React - it's the best way to build a modern website.

One common question is how to handle the "state" of your React Native application. The most popular library for this is [Redux](http://redux.js.org/). Don't be afraid of how often Redux uses the word "reducer" - it's a pretty simple library, and there's also a nice [series of videos](https://egghead.io/courses/getting-started-with-redux) explaining it.

If you're looking for a library that does a specific thing, check out [Awesome React Native](http://www.awesome-react-native.com/), a curated list of components that also has demos, articles, and other stuff.

## Example Apps

There are some [example apps on GitHub](https://github.com/ReactNativeNews/React-Native-Apps). You can run the apps on a simulator or device, and you can see the source code for these apps, which is neat.

The folks who built the app for Facebook's F8 conference in 2016 also [open-sourced the code](https://github.com/fbsamples/f8app) and wrote up a [detailed series of tutorials](http://makeitopen.com/tutorials/building-the-f8-app/planning/). This is useful if you want a more in-depth example that's more realistic than most sample apps out there.

## Development Tools

[Nuclide](https://nuclide.io/) is the IDE that Facebook uses internally for React Native development. The killer feature of Nuclide is its debugging ability. It also has great inline Flow support.

[Ignite](https://github.com/infinitered/ignite) is a starter kit that uses Redux and a few different common UI libraries. It has a CLI to generate apps, components, and containers. If you like all of the individual tech choices, Ignite could be perfect for you.

[CodePush](https://microsoft.github.io/code-push/) is a service from Microsoft that makes it easy to deploy live updates to your React Native app. If you don't like going through the app store process to deploy little tweaks, and you also don't like setting up your own backend, give CodePush a try.

[Expo](https://docs.expo.io) is a development environment plus application that focuses on letting you build React Native apps in the Expo development environment, without ever touching Xcode or Android Studio. If you wish React Native was even more JavaScripty and webby, check out Expo.

## Where React Native People Hang Out

The [React Native Community](https://www.facebook.com/groups/react.native.community) Facebook group has thousands of developers, and it's pretty active. Come there to show off your project, or ask how other people solved similar problems.

[Reactiflux](https://discord.gg/0ZcbPKXt5bZjGY5n) is a Discord chat where a lot of React-related discussion happens, including React Native. Discord is just like Slack except it works better for open source projects with a zillion contributors. Check out the #react-native channel.

The [React Twitter account](https://twitter.com/reactjs) covers both React and React Native. Follow the React Native [Twitter account](https://twitter.com/reactnative) and [blog](/react-native/blog/) to find out what's happening in the world of React Native.

There are a lot of [React Native Meetups](http://www.meetup.com/topics/react-native/) that happen around the world. Often there is React Native content in React meetups as well.

Sometimes we have React conferences. We posted the [videos from React.js Conf 2017](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLb0IAmt7-GS3fZ46IGFirdqKTIxlws7e0) and [React.js Conf 2016](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLb0IAmt7-GS0M8Q95RIc2lOM6nc77q1IY), and we'll probably have more conferences in the future, too. Stay tuned. You can also find a list of dedicated React Native conferences [here](http://www.awesome-react-native.com/#conferences).
