docs/Troubleshooting.md, before:

---
id: troubleshooting
title: Troubleshooting
layout: docs
category: Quick Start
permalink: docs/troubleshooting.html
---

These are some common issues you may run into while setting up React Native. If you encounter something that is not listed here, try [searching for the issue in GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/issues/).

### Port already in use

The React Native packager runs on port 8081. If another process is already using that port, you can either terminate that process, or change the port that the packager uses.

#### Terminating a process on port 8081

Run the following command on a Mac to find the id for the process that is listening on port 8081:

```
$ sudo lsof -i :8081
```

Then run the following to terminate the process:

```
$ kill -9 <PID>
```

On Windows you can find the process using port 8081 using [Resource Monitor](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/48198/how-can-you-find-out-which-process-is-listening-on-a-port-on-windows) and stop it using Task Manager.

#### Using a port other than 8081

You can configure the packager to use a port other than 8081 by using the `port` parameter:

```
$ react-native start --port=8088
```

You will also need to update your applications to load the JavaScript bundle from the new port.

### NPM locking error

If you encounter an error such as `npm WARN locking Error: EACCES` while using the React Native CLI, try running the following:

```
sudo chown -R $USER ~/.npm
sudo chown -R $USER /usr/local/lib/node_modules
```

### Missing libraries for React

If you added React Native manually to your project, make sure you have included all the relevant dependencies that you are using, like `RCTText.xcodeproj`, `RCTImage.xcodeproj`. Next, the binaries built by these dependencies have to be linked to your app binary. Use the `Linked Frameworks and Binaries` section in the Xcode project settings. More detailed steps are here: [Linking Libraries](docs/linking-libraries-ios.html#content).

If you are using CocoaPods, verify that you have added React along with the subspecs to the `Podfile`. For example, if you were using the `<Text />`, `<Image />` and `fetch()` APIs, you would need to add these in your `Podfile`:

```
pod 'React', :path => '../node_modules/react-native', :subspecs => [
  'RCTText',
  'RCTImage',
  'RCTNetwork',
  'RCTWebSocket',
]
```

Next, make sure you have run `pod install` and that a `Pods/` directory has been created in your project with React installed. CocoaPods will instruct you to use the generated `.xcworkspace` file henceforth to be able to use these installed dependencies.

#### Argument list too long: recursive header expansion failed

In the project's build settings, `User Search Header Paths` and `Header Search Paths` are two configs that specify where Xcode should look for `#import` header files specified in the code. For Pods, CocoaPods uses a default array of specific folders to look in. Verify that this particular config is not overwritten, and that none of the folders configured are too large. If one of the folders is a large folder, Xcode will attempt to recursively search the entire directory and throw above error at some point.

To revert the `User Search Header Paths` and `Header Search Paths` build settings to their defaults set by CocoaPods - select the entry in the Build Settings panel, and hit delete. It will remove the custom override and return to the CocoaPod defaults.

### No transports available

React Native implements a polyfill for WebSockets. These [polyfills](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/blob/master/Libraries/Core/InitializeCore.js) are initialized as part of the react-native module that you include in your application through `import React from 'react'`. If you load another module that requires WebSockets, such as [Firebase](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/issues/3645), be sure to load/require it after react-native:

```
import React from 'react';
import Firebase from 'firebase';
```

## Shell Command Unresponsive Exception

If you encounter a ShellCommandUnresponsiveException exception such as:

```
Execution failed for task ':app:installDebug'.
  com.android.builder.testing.api.DeviceException: com.android.ddmlib.ShellCommandUnresponsiveException
```

Try [downgrading your Gradle version to 1.2.3](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/issues/2720) in `android/build.gradle`.

## react-native init hangs

If you run into issues where running `react-native init` hangs in your system, try running it again in verbose mode and refering to [#2797](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/issues/2797) for common causes:

```
react-native init --verbose
```

## Unable to start react-native package manager (on Linux)
### Case 1: Error "code":"ENOSPC","errno":"ENOSPC"

Issue caused by the number of directories [inotify](https://github.com/guard/listen/wiki/Increasing-the-amount-of-inotify-watchers) (used by watchman on Linux) can monitor. To solve it, just run this command in your terminal window
```
echo fs.inotify.max_user_watches=582222 | sudo tee -a /etc/sysctl.conf && sudo sysctl -p
```

Commit message:

Updated troubleshooting - changing port section
Summary:
Thanks for submitting a PR! Please read these instructions carefully:

- [x ] Explain the **motivation** for making this change.
- [x ] Provide a **test plan** demonstrating that the code is solid.
- [x ] Match the **code formatting** of the rest of the codebase.
- [x ] Target the `master` branch, NOT a "stable" branch.

The section on changing ports is missing a key step for folks wishing to run on device

What existing problem does the pull request solve?

Changing packager port to something other than 8081 also requires the react native xcode project file to be updated in order to be able to build and run on device. The section on changing ports currently does not address this. See https://github.com/facebook/react-native/issues/10715#issuecomment-258082512.

Documentation update, no tests required.

A good test plan has the exact commands you ran and their output, provides screenshots or videos if the pull request changes UI or updates the website. See [What is a Test Plan?][1] to learn more.

If you have added code that should be tested, add tests.

Sign the [CLA][2], if you haven't already.

Small pull requests are much easier to review and more likely to get merged. Make sure the PR does only one thing, otherwise please split it.

Make sure all **tests pass** on both [Travis][3] and [Circle CI][4]. PRs that break tests are unlikely to be merged.

For more info, see the ["Pull Requests"][5] section of our "Contributing" guidelines.

[1]: https://medium.com/martinkonicek/what-is-a-test-plan-8bfc840ec171#.y9lcuqqi9
[2]: https://code.facebook.com/cla
[3]: https://travis-ci.org/facebook/react-native
[4]: http://circleci.com/gh/facebook/react-native
[5]: https://github.com/facebook/react-native/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#pull-requests
Closes https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/14293

Differential Revision: D5647393

Pulled By: hramos

fbshipit-source-id: 040c3edea7d25c0efe560d5df30e86e1f26355bc

docs/Troubleshooting.md, after:

---
id: troubleshooting
title: Troubleshooting
layout: docs
category: Quick Start
permalink: docs/troubleshooting.html
---

These are some common issues you may run into while setting up React Native. If you encounter something that is not listed here, try [searching for the issue in GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/issues/).

### Port already in use

The React Native packager runs on port 8081. If another process is already using that port, you can either terminate that process, or change the port that the packager uses.

#### Terminating a process on port 8081

Run the following command on a Mac to find the id for the process that is listening on port 8081:

```
$ sudo lsof -i :8081
```

Then run the following to terminate the process:

```
$ kill -9 <PID>
```

On Windows you can find the process using port 8081 using [Resource Monitor](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/48198/how-can-you-find-out-which-process-is-listening-on-a-port-on-windows) and stop it using Task Manager.

#### Using a port other than 8081

You can configure the packager to use a port other than 8081 by using the `port` parameter:

```
$ react-native start --port=8088
```

You will also need to update your applications to load the JavaScript bundle from the new port. If running on device from Xcode, you can do this by updating occurrences of `8081` to your chosen port in the `node_modules/react-native/React/React.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj` file.

### NPM locking error

If you encounter an error such as `npm WARN locking Error: EACCES` while using the React Native CLI, try running the following:

```
sudo chown -R $USER ~/.npm
sudo chown -R $USER /usr/local/lib/node_modules
```

### Missing libraries for React

If you added React Native manually to your project, make sure you have included all the relevant dependencies that you are using, like `RCTText.xcodeproj`, `RCTImage.xcodeproj`. Next, the binaries built by these dependencies have to be linked to your app binary. Use the `Linked Frameworks and Binaries` section in the Xcode project settings. More detailed steps are here: [Linking Libraries](docs/linking-libraries-ios.html#content).

If you are using CocoaPods, verify that you have added React along with the subspecs to the `Podfile`. For example, if you were using the `<Text />`, `<Image />` and `fetch()` APIs, you would need to add these in your `Podfile`:

```
pod 'React', :path => '../node_modules/react-native', :subspecs => [
  'RCTText',
  'RCTImage',
  'RCTNetwork',
  'RCTWebSocket',
]
```

Next, make sure you have run `pod install` and that a `Pods/` directory has been created in your project with React installed. CocoaPods will instruct you to use the generated `.xcworkspace` file henceforth to be able to use these installed dependencies.

#### Argument list too long: recursive header expansion failed

In the project's build settings, `User Search Header Paths` and `Header Search Paths` are two configs that specify where Xcode should look for `#import` header files specified in the code. For Pods, CocoaPods uses a default array of specific folders to look in. Verify that this particular config is not overwritten, and that none of the folders configured are too large. If one of the folders is a large folder, Xcode will attempt to recursively search the entire directory and throw above error at some point.

To revert the `User Search Header Paths` and `Header Search Paths` build settings to their defaults set by CocoaPods - select the entry in the Build Settings panel, and hit delete. It will remove the custom override and return to the CocoaPod defaults.

### No transports available

React Native implements a polyfill for WebSockets. These [polyfills](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/blob/master/Libraries/Core/InitializeCore.js) are initialized as part of the react-native module that you include in your application through `import React from 'react'`. If you load another module that requires WebSockets, such as [Firebase](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/issues/3645), be sure to load/require it after react-native:

```
import React from 'react';
import Firebase from 'firebase';
```

## Shell Command Unresponsive Exception

If you encounter a ShellCommandUnresponsiveException exception such as:

```
Execution failed for task ':app:installDebug'.
  com.android.builder.testing.api.DeviceException: com.android.ddmlib.ShellCommandUnresponsiveException
```

Try [downgrading your Gradle version to 1.2.3](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/issues/2720) in `android/build.gradle`.

## react-native init hangs

If you run into issues where running `react-native init` hangs in your system, try running it again in verbose mode and refering to [#2797](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/issues/2797) for common causes:

```
react-native init --verbose
```

## Unable to start react-native package manager (on Linux)
### Case 1: Error "code":"ENOSPC","errno":"ENOSPC"

Issue caused by the number of directories [inotify](https://github.com/guard/listen/wiki/Increasing-the-amount-of-inotify-watchers) (used by watchman on Linux) can monitor. To solve it, just run this command in your terminal window
```
echo fs.inotify.max_user_watches=582222 | sudo tee -a /etc/sysctl.conf && sudo sysctl -p
```
